The team leaders are really sorry.
The Wang family said that they wanted to be destroyed this time.
Wang family what Wang family
The Wang family is the first local family
It is the best partner for this tens of billions of orders.
That's why I brought them
Let's meet some team leaders first
Haha, hello team leaders.
Today, Xiaosheng is uninvited
Sorry for any interruption.
Sorry for the offense
Hey
Today's team leader Xiaofan came to bring a gift this time.
I heard that Team Leader Zhao likes antiques
How many treasures are these?
It's all our Wang family
Especially this cup
It is the porridge left by our ancestors of the Wang family for hundreds of years
I can give you hundreds of years.
How many people have used it in hundreds of years?
Such an unclean thing
You let me use these things?
We are not going to the Zhao family
You'd better take it back
Team Leader Zhao, look at this tomorrow's order.
Tomorrow's order will naturally be announced at the banquet
Those with strength will naturally get to the top
Refund your money.
Hey, I don't know Shang Su Chang, listen to me, I
You said this little target's cup is everywhere
Bring it to drink water?
The young master is really extraordinary and different, hahaha.
Who scolded me?